{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}}
{\info
{\title The Client Survey}
{\author Kelly Goto}
{\*\company Idea Integration}}\vieww12540\viewh14280\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 The Client Survey\
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\i\b0 \cf0 (For the client to complete and return to the project manager)\
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 Client input is the foundation upon which successful web sites are built. This survey will help you articulate and identify the overall goals of your site redesign, including specific questions regarding message, audience, content, look and feel, and functionality. Each key decision maker should fill out his or her own survey, and answer each of the questions in a thorough but brief and clear manner, and add any additional notes or comments at the end of the survey. \
\
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 General Information\
\pard\tx360\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 What is the name of your company and your current (or intended) URL?\
\pard\tx360\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\i\b \cf0 The name of the company is ExEx Audio, URL of current website is exexaudio.com. 
\i0\b0 \
Who are the primary contacts from your organization and who has final approval on the project? Please list names, titles, email addresses and phone numbers.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\i\b The primary contacts are Paurl Walsh, co-owner/engineer, deerpuffs@gmail.com, 971-266-3939; and Robert Cheek, co-owner/engineer, robert@bysunlight.com, 916-233-8857. Both clients have final approval and equal say in project decisions.
\i0\b0 \
What is your intended launch date for the new site? Are there any outside considerations that may affect the schedule (e.g., PR launch, tradeshow, annual report, etc.)? \
\ls1\ilvl0
\i\b The intended launch date is before Christmas 2015. No outside considerations area are currently apparent that would affect this date.
\i0\b0 \
Do you have a specific budget range in mind for this project? Can this project be divided into phases in order to accommodate budget and timing constraints? \
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf0 The intended budget for the site is $1000. As it is a small and fairly simple portfolio site, it will be completed in one phase.
\i0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Current Site\
\pard\tx360\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 Do you feel your current site promotes a favorable user experience? Why? Why not?\
\pard\tx360\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\i\b \cf0 It definitely does not, it looks terrible and cheap to the point of having to state that it\'92s a temporary placeholder website. It also has almost nothing in terms of content, information or portfolio except outside links.
\i0\b0 \
What specific areas of your current site do you feel are successful? Why are they successful?\
\ls2\ilvl0
\i\b The only successful aspect of the current site is its brevity and ease of contact.
\i0\b0 \
What shortcomings exist with the current site and what three things would you change on the site today, if you could?\
\ls2\ilvl0
\i\b The shortcomings are countless. The first three things to change are probably to reformat the entire look, add good photos of the studio, and add some of the info from the outside links, i.e. the recording portfolios of Paurl and Bob.
\i0\b0 \
Have you conducted usability tests on your current site? If so, how long ago? Please include any reports or findings.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\i\b No. A previous website from years ago had more content but the current one was never meant to be a permanent solution.
\i0\b0 \
How important is it to maintain your current look and feel, logo, and branding?\
\ls2\ilvl0
\i\b The only aspect of the current appearance that is worth keeping is the multicolored ExEx logo that is currently in the background, though it should be used in a different way on the new site.
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
Reasons for Redesign\
\pard\tx360\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 What are the main reasons you are redesigning your site? (New business model, outdated site, expanded services, different audience, etc.)\
\pard\tx360\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\i\b \cf0 The current website is only a placeholder, and very outdated as well.
\i0\b0 \
What are your primary online business objectives with the site redesign?\
\ls3\ilvl0
\i\b The primary objectives are a way to get a decent looking site to pop up on Google, and to provide a way for visitors to get in touch.
\i0\b0 \
 What are your secondary objectives? (Increased sales, marketing/branding awareness, reduce customer service calls, etc.) Please discuss both long- and short-term goals.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\i\b Secondary goals are portfolio-based, with photos of the space and equipment, lists of gear and past recordings, and some selected embedded audio and perhaps video.
\i0\b0 \
What is the main business problem you hope to solve with the site redesign? How will you measure the success of the solution?\
\ls3\ilvl0
\i\b The main problem is simply that the current site looks homemade. We hope to rectify this and make it look professional with a combination of current, hip-looking design and layout and high quality photography. Success will be measured immediately by comparing to websites of similar businesses, and not an ongoing basis by analytics. 
\i0\b0 \
What existing strategy (both on and offline) is in place in order to meet the new business objectives?\
\ls3\ilvl0
\i\b A main and ongoing business objective for any recording studio is getting the name out and obtaining new clients as well as winning returning business from existing clients. This is largely a word-of-mouth undertaking in most cases, lacking an advertising budget outside of a website. The site is a supplement to this word-of-mouth approach, that is to say, in person connections can be dovetailed into google searches that hopefully return this website.
\i0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Audience/Desired Action\
\pard\tx360\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 Describe a typical user coming to your site. How often is the user online and what does s/he generally use the web for? How old is the user and what does s/he do for a living? (Use as much detail as possible in profiling your target user. Profile more than one type if appropriate.)\
\ls4\ilvl0
\i\b Typical visitors to this website will be young musicians, likely web and computer savvy and familiar with good looking web design and design in general. 
\i0\b0 \
What is the primary \'93action\'94 the user should take when coming to your site? (purchase, become a member, search for information, etc.)  \
\ls4\ilvl0
\i\b Most visitor stop the site will be either looking to learn more about the studio\'92s capability and pedigree, or looking for a way to contact. 
\i0\b0 \
What are the key reasons why the target user chooses your company\'92s products and/or services? (cost, service, value, etc.)\
\ls4\ilvl0
\i\b This is a small budget studio, useful for recording small projects or mixing any size of project. Comparative cost, location and availability are all selling points.
\i0\b0 \
How many people (as far as you can tell) access your site on a daily, weekly or monthly basis? How do you measure usage? Do you forecast usage to increase over the next year and by how much?\
\ls4\ilvl0
\i\b Monthly visitation is probably under 100 unique visitors, as it\'92s a very niche site. We don\'92t currently measure usage, but usage is definitely expected to go up over the next year as the studio grows and the website is improved upon.\
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\i0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Perception\
\pard\tx360\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 Use a few adjectives to describe how the user should perceive the new site. (Ex: prestigious, friendly, corporate, fun, forward-thinking, innovative, cutting edge, etc.) Is this different than current image perception?\
\ls5\ilvl0
\i\b Hip, artistic, professional, reliable, current. None of these words apply currently except perhaps artistic.
\i0\b0 \
How is your company currently perceived offline? Do you wish to carry through the same kind of message through your web site?\
\ls5\ilvl0
\i\b The website should sell the studio better than the offline image, which is of a small project studio. We want to have an online image that makes the space look larger than it might in person. A wide-angle type of image.
\i0\b0 \
How does your company differentiate itself from competitors? Do you think your current audience differentiates you from your competition? Please list competitor URLs.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\i\b As ExEx grows, we are specifically trying in many cases to emulate larger and more established studios, by for example buying industry standard pieces of equipment. We differentiate from the competition by our site and rates. Some Seattle competitor URLs include:\
avastrecording.com\
londonbridgestudio.com\
earwigstudio.com\
studiolitho.com\
bearcreekstudio.com\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 (most of these websites are not much better than the ExEx site, and won\'92t be difficult to surpass).
\i0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx360\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 \
List any URLs of sites you find compelling. What specifically do you like about these sites?\
\pard\tx360\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\i\b \cf0 Bear Creek Studio\'92s site (bearcreekstudio.com) is a decent format for a recording studio website, though the design is dated. It has a good structure of sections for gear, a photo tour, contact, etc.
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Content\
\pard\tx360\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 Will this site use existing content from the current site? If so, what is the source and who is responsible for approval? If not, will you be creating content in-house or using an outside provider?\
\ls6\ilvl0
\i\b All the content will be reused, though much of the text will need to be rewritten and it will be only a small start to a new site. The background logo will be used elsewhere, perhaps as a banner.
\i0\b0 \
What is the basic structure of the content, and how is it organized? Is it a complete overhaul of the current site, or an expansion?\
\ls6\ilvl0
\i\b It will be a complete overhaul.
\i0\b0 \
Describe visual elements or content which should be utilized from your current site or marketing materials (logo, color scheme, navigation, naming conventions, etc.).\
\ls6\ilvl0
\i\b The background logo can be reused.
\i0\b0 \
How will the content of this site (along with functionality and navigation) expand or differ from your current site? Do you have an existing sitemap for the outgoing site structure? Do you already have a sitemap or outline for the proposed redesign?\
\ls6\ilvl0
\i\b A sitemap for a new site is currently in the works. Many new sections will need to be added, as the current site is a single page with no links.
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Technology\
\pard\tx360\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 What is your target platform and browser (if you know)?\
\ls7\ilvl0
\i\b Target browsers are Chrome and Firefox. Most people in the target demographic will be using these two browsers.
\i0\b0 \
Are there specific technologies (Flash\'ae, DHTML, JavaScript, Real Audio, etc.) you would like to use in the site? If so, how will they enhance the user experience? Please describe in detail.\
\ls7\ilvl0
\i\b There are no plans for this right now. The media on the site will be embedded from other sites such as SoundCloud and YouTube.
\i0\b0 \
Will you have database functionality (dynamic content generation, search capabilities, personalization/log-in, etc.)? Do you already have a database in place? Please describe in detail, including specific information regarding existing programs and software.\
\ls7\ilvl0
\i\b There are no plans for these capabilities right now.
\i0\b0 \
Will you have a need for secured transactions (e-commerce)? Do you already offer transactions online? Please describe in detail. \
\ls7\ilvl0
\i\b No transactions capability is needed.
\i0\b0 \
Will you require other specific programming needs (personalization, search capability)? Please describe in detail.\
\ls7\ilvl0
\i\b A form for inquiries will be the most complicated item on this site for the time being.
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
Marketing/Updating\
\pard\tx360\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 How do most people find out about your current web site? What methods of distributing the URL already exist within the company?\
\ls8\ilvl0
\i\b Word of mouth is the main vector, but we hope to improve google search results with more and better content and linking.
\i0\b0 \
Briefly, what are your short-term marketing plans (Specifically for the site redesign and the 12 months following launch)?\
\ls8\ilvl0
\i\b As there is no marketing budget, getting the word out about a new website will be done through word of mouth and social media.
\i0\b0 \
Do you have an existing or planned marketing strategy in mind to promote this site redesign? If so, please describe.\
\ls8\ilvl0
\i\b Nothing specifically planned.
\i0\b0 \
Do you intend to keep the site updated? If so, how often? Who is responsible for updating and providing content?\
\ls8\ilvl0
\i\b The site will need occasional minor updates as new equipment is purchased or in-studio projects are completed. Adam will be in charge of these updates.
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Additional Notes/Comments\
\pard\tx9360\tx10620\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Please take as much space as you wish.\
\
The current bar is pretty low on this site! Let\'92s make something cool looking for people.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
}